README.md, before:

# Chat Interface Actor

## Changes Made

The following changes have been made to fix the WebSocket message handling issues:

1. **Backend Changes**:
   - Added route handlers for `/bundle.js.map` and `/favicon.ico`
   - Added basic favicon.ico handling (transparent pixel)

2. **Frontend Changes**:
   - Updated message type field from `message_type` to `type` to match the backend
   - Updated message structure in type definitions to match the backend format
   - Added proper handling for all message types
   - Added a new handler for the 'messages' message type

## Build Instructions

After making these changes, you need to rebuild the frontend:

```bash
cd /Users/colinrozzi/work/actor-registry/chat-interface/assets
npm run build
```

This will compile the TypeScript files and bundle them with the updated message handling logic.

## Restart the Actor

After building the frontend, you'll need to stop and restart the chat-interface actor:

```bash
# First stop the current actor
theater stop ed2e20c8-c23b-4233-b159-e0ae61d0141d

# Then rebuild and start the actor
cd /Users/colinrozzi/work/actor-registry
theater start chat-interface/manifest.toml
```

## Testing

After restarting, test the following functionality:

1. WebSocket connection (check browser console for "WebSocket connected" message)
2. Creating a new conversation
3. Sending and receiving messages
4. Loading the source map (check that browser console doesn't show source map errors)

All message type errors should now be resolved.

Commit message:

fix: Resolve frontend/backend message mismatch and source map issues

README.md, after:

# Chat Interface Actor

## Issues Fixed

1. **WebSocket Message Type Error**: 
   - Fixed the mismatch between frontend and backend message formats
   - Changed message type field from `message_type` to `type` to match the backend response format
   - Updated all message type interfaces to match the actual data sent by the server

2. **Source Map Loading Error**:
   - Added a route handler for `/bundle.js.map` to properly serve the source map file
   - Ensured the mapping to `../assets/dist/bundle.js.map` is correct

3. **Favicon 404 Error**:
   - Added a route handler for `/favicon.ico` to prevent 404 errors in the browser
   - Implemented a simple transparent favicon response

## Changes Made

The following changes have been made to fix the WebSocket message handling issues:

1. **Backend Changes**:
   - Added route handlers for `/bundle.js.map` and `/favicon.ico`
   - Added basic favicon.ico handling (transparent pixel)

2. **Frontend Changes**:
   - Updated message type field from `message_type` to `type` to match the backend
   - Updated message structure in type definitions to match the backend format
   - Added proper handling for all message types
   - Added a new handler for the 'messages' message type

## TypeScript Errors Fixed

Additional TypeScript type errors were fixed:

1. Fixed reference to `message.message_type` (changed to `message.type`)
2. Added proper typings for `messages` property in the `ServerMessage` interface
3. Created a dedicated `MessagesResponse` interface for the 'messages' message type
4. Fixed type safety issues by using proper type casting and checking

## Build Instructions

After making these changes, you need to rebuild the frontend:

```bash
cd /Users/colinrozzi/work/actor-registry/chat-interface/assets
npm run build
```

This will compile the TypeScript files and bundle them with the updated message handling logic.

## Restart the Actor

After building the frontend, you'll need to stop and restart the chat-interface actor:

```bash
# First stop the current actor
theater stop ed2e20c8-c23b-4233-b159-e0ae61d0141d

# Then rebuild and start the actor
cd /Users/colinrozzi/work/actor-registry
theater start chat-interface/manifest.toml
```

## Testing

After restarting, test the following functionality:

1. WebSocket connection (check browser console for "WebSocket connected" message)
2. Creating a new conversation
3. Sending and receiving messages
4. Loading the source map (check that browser console doesn't show source map errors)

All message type errors should now be resolved.
